wunderbar arms up like this happy family
please look into the camera please just
been through a lot lately my dad passed
away eight months ago so we came here to
here to here you lose a parent and the
ticking gets louder every day is all we
have yep
maybe we ski the Beast after lunch
cheap I don't think it'll be that
challenging it'll be fine
is that okay yeah it's fine
it looked like it was gonna kill us for
a moment the kids were screaming because
it felt like we were gonna die hate and
I look over Kate and he had grabbed his
phone Pete left us lifes I didn't
believe you to be buried yeah I'm gonna
win I ran to get out yes
I'm gonna win this I hate you too sir
I love my family everyday as always how
can I run away in ski boots
what can you run in ski boots not very
well exactly
regardless I wouldn't leave my family to
die that's boom usual right to be angry
it's black and white
well no it's black and white how old are
you 30 there's only one thing I have to
worry about right now and that's going
down
I don't understand why there weren't any
warnings posted anywhere there was a way
I posted a lift skulltulas Hotel
receptions restaurants shops Boras
solutions sites we didn't see any of
that
well I didn't see you at school today
I went to the doctor what's wrong
girl problems
don't you ever just wish you are dude
all the time this the most magical sound
you will ever hear who's not ready to be
a mom where else could you go nowhere in
Pennsylvania
I think you should try another place
[Music]
I own in New York what are you doing
there seeing family and stuff
[Music]
who came with you today my cousin
do you have a place to stay tonight I
know you came from far away
I'll figure it out the sierras clones do
not sleep here where's the rest of the
money
I want to make sure that you're safe
I know this is hard
[Music]
I'm gonna ask you some questions it can
be really personal just answer either
never rarely sometimes or always
[Music]
watch watching me
years ago this area was a contaminated
White's layer now it's a desirable New
London maybe every young parents try to
raise their children the safe secure
environment this is my legacy thank you
thank you brother I'm staying as Sean's
your brother's got past oh it doesn't
man here is certainly kosher
as you can mine
you know kalfa nice life June
wherever you were involved in get out
now
it'll be like the gold rush all over
again I want to know who they are
they're organized criminals the badges
anything you can think of the hide that
thing isn't working for me now
nobody gets ahead in this game
[Music]
we have everything you need to bring him
and everyone this goes down
everyone goes under
[Music]
family
so draws us there I'm awake insist that
once was a young and foolish dragon who
came to ask a wise and cunning Lions
about acquiring his territory a lion he
wasn't interested so he told the little
dragon the dragon be persisted oh goody
he started a war it's the lion took a
little dragon for a walk and put five
bullets in his little dragon head he's
moving up now isn't it there's a message
in there maybe you can explain it to me
the young succeed the old
enjoy the show it's gonna get messy
I forgot to wash my hands hungry eat
his name is for Huck was spelled with a
pH so sounds like for hug kind of haha
remember you were just a baby daddy yes
even though there's a prison just behind
it nope importance see my fear accepted
family doctor didn't fire me so girls
you're gonna hear a collective effort
was me a Purdue voter ID in a photo of
other person he didn't want Phyllis
ative / believer so we deleted the
Cheerios on an example so a hundred
thousand copies economy possible just
keep it very - sir
Julian
the quest seminoff is demoon de yada
mizu mama says Jimmy Aviv a pink super
fun
so maybe mwah say more evil
see if I could get a partner hit the
rock fish is not a java you were taught
you love members attend the Camino beat
this little cement up to
you want him to make her jealous so her
I happy family but that's not gonna make
her jealous
the automata Pittsburgh is ready to do
with well over 1200 of the bootleggers
total is addictive Amagi chakra solar
plant that pattern a if they don't have
a Hitchcock as I wish our Benjamin what
sound to say more often SS League of the
lash
[Music]
you name it I've done a concrete in
Romanian about you to Tony Hall so
someone in the back in the night I'd
rather work on my own now and in your
own boss let's just get a few things
straight at the start off shall we
hi Rosie we go powerful men LF you miss
school again ticket blocks do work for
us with us via our contract to get paid
for the visits
[Music]
truck every parcel only even if you put
one in the garden shed they know where
it lungs I think you can count me out
this decides who lives and who dies
sighs - mr. Campbell Robin not gonna get
paid till he got delivered
we've been on the train tracks in the
race otherwise she's just gonna window
why what oh thank you
I never thought I'd be this difficult
this is another hundred pounder sunny
it's my night on my family it's a no I'm
not doing it and I'm telling you now
nobody messes who my fire
thanks for the great day
most of your own destiny review that
yeah
vindaloo gotta be hard to take I stop
snarling so I'm buckling up
[Music]
you